README.md, before:

# UnderCart
1. Explored how to use Create React App. We are leveraging it to help us bootstrap our application and handle the webpack configuration.
2. Creating our first component, homepage and adding scss to help us with writing our styles
3. Going through our folder structure for the project, breaking out homepage component into smaller components
4. Adding routing with react-router, then creating new routes for our existing homepage and our new hats page
5. Going over the concept of higher order components through use of the withRouter HOC from react-router-dom.
6. Create collection-preview and collection-item components for the shop page
7. Creating header component to demonstrate where react-router renders our content on the page using component
8. Starting our sign in section by creating a new sign in and sign up page, as well as start creating sign in component.


# Install dependencies

In your terminal after you clone your project down, remember to run either `yarn` or `npm install` to build all the dependencies in the project.

Commit message:

added firebase auth and google sign in

README.md, after:

# UnderCart
1. Explored how to use Create React App. We are leveraging it to help us bootstrap our application and handle the webpack configuration.
2. Creating our first component, homepage and adding scss to help us with writing our styles
3. Going through our folder structure for the project, breaking out homepage component into smaller components
4. Adding routing with react-router, then creating new routes for our existing homepage and our new hats page
5. Going over the concept of higher order components through use of the withRouter HOC from react-router-dom.
6. Create collection-preview and collection-item components for the shop page
7. Creating header component to demonstrate where react-router renders our content on the page using component
8. Starting our sign in section by creating a new sign in and sign up page, as well as start creating sign in component.
9. Creating our firebase database and adding the firebase library into our code. Add google sign in and authentication into our application.




# Install dependencies

In your terminal after you clone your project down, remember to run either `yarn` or `npm install` to build all the dependencies in the project.
